Serverless is an application framework for building serverless web, mobile and IoT applications exclusively on [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/).  A Serverless app can simply be a couple of lambda functions to accomplish some tasks, or an entire back-end comprised of hundreds of lambda functions. Serverless currently supports `nodejs` and `python2.7` runtimes. Support for `Java` and other future runtimes that AWS Lambda will support will be coming soon.

Serverless comes in the form of a Node.js command line interface that provides structure, automation and optimization to help you build and maintain Serverless apps.  The CLI allows you to control your Lambdas, API Gateway Endpoints as well as your AWS resources via AWS CloudFormation.  Overall, we've made a strong effort to make not just a groundbreaking Serverless framework, but the best framework for building applications with AWS in general (that is also Serverless!). As a result, Serverless incorporates years of AWS expertise into its tooling, giving you best practices out-of-the-box.  Serverless does not seek to conceal AWS in abstraction, but to put structure around the AWS SDK and CloudFormation, and approach Amazon Web Services and all that it offers from the focal point of Lambda.  In the future, we believe that Lambda will be the focal point of AWS.

Lastly, we work full time on this and are funded by a top tier VC firm in Silicon Valley.  We are here for the long-term to support developers building Serverless applications.  Don't hesitate to [email us](mailto:team@serverless.com) and ask us for help.  Also, we're growing our team.  If the Serverless architecture appeals to you or you just want to make awesome tools for other developers, please [let us know](mailto:team@serverless.com).